{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f36\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f37\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f39\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f40\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f41\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f42\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f43\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f44\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\f46\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f47\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}{\f49\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f50\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f51\fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}
{\f52\fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}{\f53\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f54\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;
\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}{\*\cs15 \additive \ul\cf2 \sbasedon10 \styrsid5729219 Hyperlink;}{
\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sb100\sa100\sbauto1\saauto1\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext16 \styrsid3620693 Normal (Web);}}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0}{\*\pgptbl {\pgp\ipgp0\itap0\li0\ri0\sb0\sa0}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid1594372\rsid1647566\rsid2640164\rsid3620693\rsid4092931\rsid4726705\rsid5392184\rsid5729219\rsid6174106\rsid7278635\rsid7431248\rsid8022746
\rsid8785582\rsid10308237\rsid13663636\rsid14438690\rsid14824626\rsid15073473\rsid15096967\rsid16523479}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.5604;}{\info{\author BOURRET}{\operator BOURRET}{\creatim\yr2007\mo1\dy31\hr22\min4}
{\revtim\yr2009\mo8\dy18\hr22\min18}{\version18}{\edmins132}{\nofpages4}{\nofwords1041}{\nofchars5938}{\*\company HOME}{\nofcharsws6966}{\vern24689}}
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind4\viewscale100\nolnhtadjtbl\rsidroot14438690 \fet0\sectd 
\linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\b\f1\fs20\cf9\insrsid16523479 DoSHTTP}{\b\f1\fs20\cf9\insrsid14438690  }{\b\f1\fs20\cf9\insrsid7431248 2}{\b\f1\fs20\cf9\insrsid14438690 .}{\b\f1\fs20\cf9\insrsid2640164 5}{
\b\f1\fs20\cf9\insrsid14438690  User Guide
\par }{\b\f1\fs20\cf9\insrsid15096967 
\par http://}{\b\f1\fs20\cf9\insrsid14438690 www.socketsoft.net}{\b\f1\fs20\cf9\insrsid15096967 /}{\b\f1\fs20\cf9\insrsid14438690 
\par support@socketsoft.net
\par 
\par }{\f1\fs20\insrsid16523479 DoSHTTP}{\f1\fs20\insrsid14438690  is an easy to use and powerful HTTP Flood Denial of Service (DoS) Testing Tool for Windows. }{\f1\fs20\insrsid16523479 DoSHTTP}{\f1\fs20\insrsid14438690  includes URL Verification, HTTP Redir
ection and performance monitoring.
\par 
\par }{\f1\fs20\insrsid16523479 DoSHTTP}{\f1\fs20\insrsid14438690  uses multiple asynchronous sockets to perform an effective HTTP Flood. }{\f1\fs20\insrsid16523479 DoSHTTP}{\f1\fs20\insrsid14438690 
 can be used simultaneously on multiple clients to emulate a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
\par 
\par }{\f1\fs20\insrsid16523479 DoSHTTP}{\f1\fs20\insrsid14438690  can help IT Professionals test web server performance and evaluate protection software. }{\f1\fs20\insrsid16523479 DoSHTTP}{\f1\fs20\insrsid14438690 
 was developed by certified IT Security and Software Development professionals.
\par }{\b\f1\fs20\cf9\insrsid14438690 
\par Features
\par }{\f1\fs20\cf1\insrsid14438690 Easy to use and powerful }{\f1\fs20\insrsid14438690 HTTP Flood Denial of Service (DoS) Testing Tool for Windows}{\f1\fs20\cf1\insrsid14438690 
\par }{\f1\fs20\insrsid14438690 Uses multiple asynchronous sockets to perform an effective HTTP Flood
\par Allows multiple clients to emulate a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) Attack
\par }{\f1\fs20\insrsid13663636 A}{\f1\fs20\insrsid5392184 llows target port }{\f1\fs20\insrsid14824626 designation}{\f1\fs20\insrsid5392184  within the URL}{\f1\fs20\insrsid1594372  }{\f1\fs20\insrsid14824626  [http://host:port/]}{
\f1\fs20\insrsid5392184\charrsid1594372 
\par }{\f1\fs20\insrsid14438690 Supports HTTP Redirection for automatic page redirection (optional)
\par Includes URL Verification that displays the response header and document
\par Includes performance monitoring to }{\f1\fs20\insrsid6174106 and }{\f1\fs20\insrsid7278635 results reporting}{\f1\fs20\insrsid14438690 
\par Allows customized User Agent header fields
\par Allows user defined Socket and Request settings
\par Supports numeric addressing for Target URLs
\par }{\f1\fs20\insrsid13663636 Clear }{\f1\fs20\insrsid5729219 Target URLs and Reset All }{\f1\fs20\insrsid13663636 options
\par }{\f1\fs20\insrsid14438690 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20\cf9\insrsid14438690 System Requirements}{\f1\fs20\insrsid14438690 
\par }{\f1\fs20\insrsid16523479 DoSHTTP}{\f1\fs20\insrsid14438690  requires Windows 2000, XP, 2003 Server }{\f1\fs20\insrsid4726705 or }{\f1\fs20\insrsid14438690 Vista.
\par }{\f1\fs20\insrsid16523479 DoSHTTP}{\f1\fs20\insrsid14438690  }{\f1\fs20\cf1\insrsid14438690 must be used with an administrative account}{\f1\fs20\insrsid14438690 .
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20\cf9\insrsid14438690 Instructions
\par }{\b\f1\fs20\cf1\insrsid14438690 To start an HTTP Flood (DoS):
\par }{\f1\fs20\insrsid14438690 Enter a Target URL and click the Start Flood button.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20\cf1\insrsid14438690 To stop an HTTP Flood (DoS):
\par }{\f1\fs20\insrsid14438690 Click on the Stop Flood button.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20\cf1\insrsid14438690 To verify a Target URL:
\par }{\f1\fs20\insrsid14438690 Enter a Target URL and click on the Verify URL button.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20\insrsid14438690 To enter a new Target URL:
\par }{\f1\fs20\insrsid14438690 Click in to the Target URL box and begin typing.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20\insrsid14438690 To select a Target URL from the Target URL list:}{\f1\fs20\insrsid14438690 
\par Click on the Target URL drop-down list and click on a list entry.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20\insrsid14438690 To enter a new User Agent:
\par }{\f1\fs20\insrsid14438690 Click in to the User Agent box and begin typing.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20\insrsid14438690 To select a User Agent from the Users Agent list:}{\f1\fs20\insrsid14438690 
\par Click on the User Agent drop-down list and click on a list entry.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20\insrsid14438690 To enter a new Sockets setting:
\par }{\f1\fs20\insrsid14438690 Click in to the Sockets box and begin typing.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20\insrsid14438690 To select a Sockets setting from the Sockets list:}{\f1\fs20\insrsid14438690 
\par Click on the Sockets drop-down list and click on a list entry.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20\insrsid14438690 To enter a new Requests setting:
\par }{\f1\fs20\insrsid14438690 Click in to the Requests box and begin typing.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20\insrsid14438690 To select a Requests setting from the Requests list:}{\f1\fs20\insrsid14438690 
\par Click on the Requests drop-down list and click on a list entry.
\par }{\f1\fs20\insrsid13663636 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid13663636 {\b\f1\fs20\insrsid13663636 To view the last Testing Report:}{\f1\fs20\insrsid13663636 
\par Click on the Options menu and click on View Testing Report.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs20\insrsid14438690 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20\insrsid14438690 To enable/disable the Allow HTTP Redirection option:}{\f1\fs20\insrsid14438690 
\par Click on the Options menu and click Allow HTTP Redirection to enable/disable this option.
\par }{\f1\fs20\insrsid8022746 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid8022746 {\b\f1\fs20\insrsid8022746 To enable/disable the Automatic Display Report option:}{\f1\fs20\insrsid8022746 
\par Click on the Options menu and click Automatic Display Report to enable/disable this option.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs20\insrsid14438690 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20\insrsid14438690 To clear the Target URL drop-down list:}{\f1\fs20\insrsid14438690 
\par Click on the Options menu and click on Clear Target URLs.
\par }{\f1\fs20\insrsid13663636 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid13663636 {\b\f1\fs20\insrsid13663636 To reset all settings to their default values:}{\f1\fs20\insrsid13663636 
\par Click on the Options menu and click on Reset All.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs20\insrsid14438690 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20\insrsid14438690 To check for product updates:}{\f1\fs20\insrsid14438690 
\par Click on the Help menu and click on Check for Updates.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20\insrsid14438690 To view the License Agreement:}{\f1\fs20\insrsid14438690 
\par Click on the Help menu and click on License Agreement.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20\insrsid14438690 To view the Legal Disclaimer:}{\f1\fs20\insrsid14438690 
\par Click on the Help menu and click on Legal Disclaimer.
\par }{\f1\fs20\insrsid5729219 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20\insrsid5729219\charrsid5729219 To specify a target port in the URL:
\par }{\f1\fs20\insrsid5729219 Enter the URL as }{\f1\fs20\insrsid3620693 follows: }{\f1\fs20\insrsid5729219 http://host:port/ (IE: http://www.yourcompanywebserver.com:443/}{\f1\fs20\insrsid3620693 )}{\f1\fs20\insrsid5729219 
\par }{\f1\fs20\insrsid14438690 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20\cf9\insrsid14438690 Frequently Asked Questions
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid3620693 {\b\f1\fs20\insrsid3620693\charrsid3620693 What operating systems are supported by DoSHTTP? 
\par }{\f1\fs20\insrsid3620693\charrsid3620693 DoSHTTP supports Windows 2000, XP, 2003 Server and Vista. DoSHTTP can be used to target any web server operating systems.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20\insrsid3620693\charrsid3620693 Are there legitimate uses for DoSHTTP? 
\par }{\f1\fs20\insrsid3620693\charrsid3620693 DoSHTTP can help IT Professionals test web server performance and evaluate web server protection software.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20\insrsid3620693\charrsid3620693 Can DoSHTTP be used simultaneously on multiple clients? 
\par }{\f1\fs20\insrsid3620693\charrsid3620693 With appropriate licensing, DoSHTTP can be used simultaneously on multiple clients to emulate a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20\insrsid3620693\charrsid3620693 How do I start performing an HTTP Flood using DoSHTTP? 
\par }{\f1\fs20\insrsid3620693\charrsid3620693 Enter a Target URL and click on the Start Flood button.  
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20\insrsid3620693\charrsid3620693 How do I stop performing an HTTP Flood using DoSHTTP? 
\par }{\f1\fs20\insrsid3620693\charrsid3620693 Click on the Stop Flood button.  
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20\insrsid3620693\charrsid3620693 Can DoSHTTP be used with any type of internet connection? 
\par }{\f1\fs20\insrsid3620693\charrsid3620693 DoSHTTP can be used as long as there is an unblocked internet connection. However, greater performance can be achieved with higher bandwidth connections.  
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20\insrsid3620693\charrsid3620693 How does DoSHTTP support HTTP Redirection? 
\par }{\f1\fs20\insrsid3620693\charrsid3620693 When a status code of 300, 301, 302, 303 or 307 is returned, DoSHTTP will redirect the attack to the new URL. This functionality can be disabled.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20\insrsid3620693\charrsid3620693 How many sockets does DoSHTTP }{\b\f1\fs20\insrsid2640164 2.5 }{\b\f1\fs20\insrsid3620693\charrsid3620693 support? 
\par }{\f1\fs20\insrsid3620693\charrsid3620693 Although DoSHTTP supports up to }{\f1\fs20\insrsid2640164 1}{\f1\fs20\insrsid3620693\charrsid3620693 5,000 sockets at one time, we have found that a setting of 1,000 sockets or less is often sufficient.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20\insrsid3620693\charrsid3620693 Why do I seem to lose internet connectivity when using DoSHTTP? 
\par }{\f1\fs20\insrsid3620693\charrsid3620693 You are using too many sockets for your bandwidth?
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20\insrsid3620693\charrsid3620693 What is the maximum number of requests DoSHTTP will issue? 
\par }{\f1\fs20\insrsid3620693\charrsid3620693 DoSHTTP will not allow more than }{\f1\fs20\insrsid2640164\charrsid2640164 999}{\f1\fs20\insrsid2640164 ,}{\f1\fs20\insrsid2640164\charrsid2640164 999}{\f1\fs20\insrsid2640164 ,}{
\f1\fs20\insrsid2640164\charrsid2640164 999}{\f1\fs20\insrsid2640164 ,}{\f1\fs20\insrsid2640164\charrsid2640164 999}{\f1\fs20\insrsid3620693\charrsid3620693 
 requests to be issued. Continuous mode is unfortunately not truly continuous and will also stop at the maximum.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20\insrsid3620693\charrsid3620693 What are the restrictions in the current DoSHTTP evaluation? 
\par }{\f1\fs20\insrsid3620693\charrsid3620693 A maximum of 10,000 requests can be issued per session with a maximum of 4 uses during the 14 day evaluation period.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20\insrsid3620693\charrsid3620693 What is a User Agent? 
\par }{\f1\fs20\insrsid3620693\charrsid3620693 A User Agent is a string identifying a browser or agent accessing a web page. DoSHTTP allows you to spoof any User Agent.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20\insrsid3620693\charrsid3620693 What are the acceptable values for the Target URL setting? 
\par }{\f1\fs20\insrsid3620693\charrsid3620693 The User Agent setting accepts any text value.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20\insrsid3620693\charrsid3620693 What are the acceptable values for the User Agent setting? 
\par }{\f1\fs20\insrsid3620693\charrsid3620693 The Target URL setting accepts any valid HTTP URL.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20\insrsid3620693\charrsid3620693 What are the acceptable values for the Sockets setting}{\b\f1\fs20\insrsid2640164\charrsid2640164  in DoSHTTP 2.5}{\b\f1\fs20\insrsid3620693\charrsid3620693 ? 
\par }{\f1\fs20\insrsid3620693\charrsid3620693 The Sockets setting accepts any integer value from 1 to }{\f1\fs20\insrsid2640164 1}{\f1\fs20\insrsid3620693\charrsid3620693 5000.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20\insrsid3620693\charrsid3620693 What are the acceptable values for the Requests setting}{\b\f1\fs20\insrsid2640164\charrsid2640164  in DoSHTTP 2.5}{\b\f1\fs20\insrsid3620693\charrsid3620693 ? 
\par }{\f1\fs20\insrsid3620693\charrsid3620693 The Requests setting accepts "Continuous" or any integer value from 1 to }{\f1\fs20\insrsid2640164\charrsid2640164 999999999999}{\f1\fs20\insrsid3620693\charrsid3620693 .
\par }{\b\f1\fs20\insrsid3620693 
\par How do I}{\b\f1\fs20\insrsid3620693\charrsid5729219  }{\b\f1\fs20\insrsid14824626 designate }{\b\f1\fs20\insrsid3620693\charrsid5729219 a target port }{\b\f1\fs20\insrsid14824626 with}{\b\f1\fs20\insrsid3620693\charrsid5729219 in the URL:
\par }{\f1\fs20\insrsid3620693 Enter the URL as follows: http://host:port/ (IE: http://www.yourcompanywebserver.com:443/)
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs20\insrsid14438690 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20\cf9\insrsid14438690 Legal Disclaimer}{\f1\fs20\insrsid14438690 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20\cf1\insrsid14438690 Terms and Conditions
\par }{\f1\fs20\insrsid14438690 You may not use this product for any illegal or unethical purpose; including activities which would give rise to criminal or civil liability. 
\par }{\f1\fs20\cf1\insrsid14438690 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20\cf1\insrsid14438690 Exclusion of Warranties
\par }{\f1\fs20\cf1\insrsid14438690 This product is being made available to users AS-IS without any representations or warra
nties of any kind, express or implied, including but not limited to the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose or non-infringement of the rights third parties.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20\cf1\insrsid14438690 Limitation of Liability
\par }{\f1\fs20\cf1\insrsid14438690 Socketsoft LLC (Socketsoft) will not b
e liable for any damages, including direct, incidental, special or consequential damages that arise out of the use of, or inability to use the product, including, without limitation, any lost profits, business interruption or loss of data, even if Sockets
oft has been advised of the possibility of such damages.}{\f1\fs20\insrsid14438690 
\par }\pard \qr \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs20\insrsid14438690 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs20\insrsid14438690 Revision 1.0.}{\f1\fs20\insrsid2640164 7}{\f1\fs20\insrsid14438690 
\par }}